Multiple targets and multiple modules in one Prometheus job (#2432)
prometheus/docs: content/docs/guides/multi-target-exporter.md

That is it. Restart the Prometheus docker container and look at your [metrics](http://localhost:9090/graph?g0.range_input=30m&g0.stacked=0&g0.expr=probe_http_duration_seconds&g0.tab=0). Pay attention that you selected the period of time when the metrics were actually collected.

> ## Advanced querying. Multiple targets and multiple modules in one Prometheus job

Reviewer: I'm not sure what querying is about in the subsection.

```suggestion
## Example configuration: Multiple targets and multiple modules in one Prometheus job
```
